d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android-Signed.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinTicTacToe.Android.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe\XamarinTicTacToe.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
