d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinApp1.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\XamarinApp1.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.XamarinApp1.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.XamarinApp1-Signed.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Droid.Views.AboutPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Droid.Views.ItemsPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Droid.Views.ItemDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Droid.Views.NewItemPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Android.dll
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\XamarinApp1.Android.pdb
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.XamarinApp1.apk
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\slideout.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\profile_generic.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\profile_generic.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\profile_generic.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\profile_generic.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\profile_generic.png
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\users\greentx.na\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1\XamarinApp1.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
